digital-tools/trello/using-trello-to-plan-work.md, before:

# Using Trello to Plan Work

After you have signed into our "Medieval Europe Assignments" board, you should copy and rename it for your personal use. 

1. Navigate to the board: [https://trello.com/b/r6GljWWI/medieval-europe-assignments](https://trello.com/b/r6GljWWI/medieval-europe-assignments)
2. Make sure you're signed in to your account and you've already joined [our group](./#how-to-sign-up-for-trello) \(I should have invited you if you enrolled in class by September 9th. If you're a late arrival, let me know on Teams I need to add you to our Trello group\). 
3. In order to copy the Trello board, you will need to click on the "Show Menu"  button in the top right corner of the board. 

![](../../.gitbook/assets/screen-shot-2020-09-10-at-9.44.55-am.png)

4. Once this menu opens, you will need to click on the elipsis icon \(... More\).

![](../../.gitbook/assets/screen-shot-2020-09-10-at-9.45.11-am.png)

5. Then find "Copy Board" near the bottom of this menu window. Click it. 

![](../../.gitbook/assets/screen-shot-2020-09-10-at-9.45.20-am.png)

6. You now have the option to rename it. Rename it something like "Your Last Name's HIST 2000 Assignments". Play around with it - you can choose a new background if you want... Then go back to the Menu \(by clicking on the "Show menu" button \(step 3\) and click on "Settings". 

![](../../.gitbook/assets/screen-shot-2020-09-10-at-9.45.43-am.png)

7. You now have the option to set who can edit the board. Likely you alone want control of this, so you will need to change the default setting. You might want to let anyone in the team have commenting permissions, but you can restrict "add/remove permissions" and "Allow Team members to edit and join" to just yourself. 

![](../../.gitbook/assets/screen-shot-2020-09-10-at-9.45.53-am.png)

You now have a Trello board you can use to keep track of assignments in the class. Or create your own boards for other classes... the possibilities are manifold. 

{% hint style="danger" %}
Please be aware that now that you have made your own board, any changes I make in the original template will not be reflected on your copy \(i.e. so your baord is up-to-date as of the start of school, but if there are any changes to the class/ assignments they will not be reflected on your board. 
{% endhint %}

Commit message:

GitBook: [master] one page and one asset modified

digital-tools/trello/using-trello-to-plan-work.md, after:

# Using Trello to Plan Work

After you have signed into our "Medieval Europe Assignments" board, you should copy and rename it for your personal use. 

1. Navigate to the board: [https://trello.com/b/r6GljWWI/medieval-europe-assignments](https://trello.com/b/r6GljWWI/medieval-europe-assignments)
2. Make sure you're signed in to your account and you've already joined [our group](./#how-to-sign-up-for-trello) \(I should have invited you if you enrolled in class by September 9th. If you're a late arrival, let me know on Teams I need to add you to our Trello group\). 
3. In order to copy the Trello board, you will need to click on the "Show Menu"  button in the top right corner of the board. 

![](../../.gitbook/assets/screen-shot-2020-09-10-at-9.44.55-am.png)

4. Once this menu opens, you will need to click on the elipsis icon \(... More\).

![](../../.gitbook/assets/screen-shot-2020-09-10-at-9.45.11-am.png)

5. Then find "Copy Board" near the bottom of this menu window. Click it. 

![](../../.gitbook/assets/screen-shot-2020-09-10-at-9.45.20-am.png)

6. You now have the option to rename it. Rename it something like "Your Last Name's HIST 2000 Assignments". Thanks to Emma, I now remember that a key limitation on free Trello teams is that they can only have 10 total boards. There are about 80 of you, so clearly this is not going to work \(and there is not sense paying to have access to one board\). So when you are copying the board, change the Team settings to personal \(i.e. "None"\). You can make the board public if you want \(click on the word "change" underneath the drop down menu\), but I don't see any reason to. This is just to have a board to help you plan your work. 

![](../../.gitbook/assets/screen-shot-2020-09-10-at-2.00.27-pm.png)

7. To check on who can see and edit your page, go back to the Menu \(by clicking on the "Show menu" button \(step 3\) and click on "Settings". 

![](../../.gitbook/assets/screen-shot-2020-09-10-at-9.45.43-am.png)

7. You now have the option to set who can edit the board. Likely you alone want control of this, so you will need to change the default setting. You might want to let anyone in the team have commenting permissions, but you can restrict "add/remove permissions" and "Allow Team members to edit and join" to just yourself. 

![](../../.gitbook/assets/screen-shot-2020-09-10-at-9.45.53-am.png)

You now have a Trello board you can use to keep track of assignments in the class. Or create your own boards for other classes... the possibilities are manifold. 

{% hint style="danger" %}
Please be aware that now that you have made your own board, any changes I make in the original template will not be reflected on your copy \(i.e. so your baord is up-to-date as of the start of school, but if there are any changes to the class/ assignments they will not be reflected on your board. 
{% endhint %}
